Database
My CS50 Appliance died today, and I had not exported the SQL and backed
it up, so I will have to describe the database instead.
First there is a users table with 13 columns. The first is username,
the second is password, another is id, and the last 10, 
named filter1, filter2, etc through filter10, hold the name of the 
filters. All columns are varchars, except for id, which is an integer
and the primary key of the table with auto-increment as a property.
I did consider the possibility of letting each person choose how
many filter they wanted (which would mean maybe letting each person
have their own filters table and then their own events table sized
according to the filters table), but due to time contraints, I
decided to impose an arbitrary limit on the number of filters instead.
The first four filters have default values 'School', 'Work', 
'Family', 'Extracurricular' just to represent how a typical student
might organize themselves

Each user then has his/her own table storing calendar events called
tbl#, where # is the user's ID. This table has 19 columns: event,
a varchar representing the event's name (can't be null), and notes, a varchar to 
store any notes the user may have regarding the event are the first 
two (can be null). start and end are decimals with 3 decimal digits (necessary
to guarantee 2 decimal precision) and 5 digits total. They both have default value 0.000.
Also, they range from
0.000 to 24.000 and represent time. The integer portion represents
the hour without am/pm, and the decimal part, which ranges from .00 to
.60, represents the minutes divided by 100. Helper functions can
be called to convert time formatted this way to time as we know it.
Three integer columns, year, month, and day, cannot be null and
represent what their names suggest.
The last 12 columns represent filters and have default value 0. Their names
are allday (when an event is added to the database, a check is made to ensure
that an event with allday==1 has start==end==0.000), notonetime (for regular
events), and filter1, filter2, etc..., filter10 for the 10 user-selected
filters.    