Documentation
	The project was originally made and run on the CS50 appliance.
The files are organized similar to those in pset7, with a folder 
called html for php controllers and with subfolders img for images, js
for global scripts, and css for global css. There is also an includes
folder with similar files, config, constants, and functions (global
php functions).
	An initial SQL table called users will need to be set up. This
is detailed more in database.txt (unfortunately, my CS50 appliance 
died today, and I had not exported the SQL to back it up).
The users table has 13 columns: username, passwords, id, and filter1 
through filter10. Each user then has their own table for their own
events.
	After setting up a user/logging in, the calendar should be
usable. The first page upon login will be day view with today's date.
Day view can be advanced or decremented. Events can also be added to
the day in day view with the plus-image button. Once there are events
to be seen, the right nav bar can be used to filter events, and events
can be deleted by clicking on the x-image in each event's box. Each
event will have its own box, but events that overlap in time will share
a row.
	The top nav bar can be used to go to week view or month view.
From week view one returns to day view by clicking on the name of the
day of the week in the first shaded row the week table. One can also
advance or go backwards in week view with arrows and go to month view
via the top nav bar. From month view one cannot return to week view,
but one can go to day view by clicking the number of the appropriate
day on the month calendar. In both week and month view the event
filters must be applied with a submit button as opposed to day view,
where this changes dynamically. 
	One can add events in day view by clicked the +image next to
the arrows for advancing/decrementing the date, in week view by 
clicking the +image next to each name of the day of the week in the
top row of the week table, which is shaded gray, and in month view
by clicking the +image next to each number in the calendar. Events
can be deleted from all views by clicking the x-images that appear
next to the name of each events.
	The way information is displayed: in day view, everything
appears in a table. Events that overlap share the same row, while
events without overlap have their own row. All events will have a
corresponding start and end time except for all-day events. In week
view, there is a table with 96 by 7 dimensions where each row corresponds
to 15 minutes in the day and each column corresponds to a day of the
week. OVerlapping events will be placed in the same cell, and they
will be labeled from the start of the overlap to the end of the
overlap rather than individually. In month view, each day has its own
cell in a traditional month calendar, and times are not displayed;
only events names are.
